Great, so we learned how to use slots and how to be careful about where things gets changed,
so regarding the styling which is changed by the child and all the other stuff, the vuejs related things
which are changed or applied in the parent component where the template is actually set up.
Now what if we wanted to kind of do this a bit differently here?
Let's say I'm still passing my title and I'm passing my paragraph
but then here in my template, I want to have them rendered in two different places,
so let's say here in this div, I have another div and in there, I want to have my title because this
has a class title let's say which will receive some special styling,
let's say title would simply a font-style of italic
and thereafter we would have a horizontal line and then we would have the content.
So I somehow want two different slots, one for the title and then one slot for the content,
how can we achieve this?
Well if I save it like that, we simply have it twice and one time italic, one time not because now
with two slots, the content is simply inserted twice.
It could be the behavior we want,
maybe you want to render it twice but here I want to split it up,
I want to render the title in the first slot and the paragraph in the second slot.
So how do I acheive that? Well we can set up named slots, so I can give this slot a name of let's say
title and the other slot will receive a name of content
and then in the parent component where I have the content I want to pass, I can go here and add a new attribute,
this would be slot equals title. So slot of course is not an official html attribute, that's an
attribute implemented or introduced by vuejs and known by vuejs and vuejs will detect this slot
attribute and then knows that the part between quotation marks is the name of the slot
it should render this content in,
so in this case, this first slot.
Now let's also set this up for in a paragraph where I say slot equals content and if I now save this
and let it reload,
we now see it split up as I wanted it.
I do have my quote up here and then I do have the content,
it's not wonderful anymore to be very honest but it behaves exactly how it should,.
It distributes our content in two different slots and we tell it how to distribute it by setting up
names.